let me show you what it did here I made
three openings on the one side of the
fuselage and on this side we've got a
couple openings and what I'm gonna do is
glue a couple of tabs on the the engine
cowl cover as you can see right over
here I made a couple of hardwood tabs
out of some plywood and I glued those
against the other side of the engine
cowl and very simply once I put that in
place I'm going to put a couple of
Center holes through it and I'll put a
tee note on I'll probably use 256 and T
nuts and the three of them that'll hold
very fine and it should contract any
vibration problems I may have of those
things loosening up I'll use a washes
and lock washers and will be in pretty
good shape
okay there we go I got the glue in and
I'll just clean up that little bit of
residual glue the screws in to hold it
all in place real nice and now we're
going to proceed to getting the the lead
pins installed in the front of the
leading edge wing
let me show you what I did here I
measured across from side to side put a
piece of six millimeter tape down
through the center line brought the
center of the wing where they join right
up to it then I measured out to the
center of each of my inserts which I
glued and screwed in previously and go
ahead and transfer the mark on the
leading edge of the wing and went ahead
and drill those out I used a 6.1
millimeter drill which is about the
right size is pretty tight you can go a
slightly larger if you want to and then
I use Gorilla Glue to put these in wrap
tape around the ends of the the metal
insert pins and then I went ahead and
seat this in a wing and I'm going to go
ahead and let that drive good and solid
so the only thing what to do over here
on the fuselage would be to drill the
holes for the mounting of the wing to
tie the tail down so just throw out in
these two locations go ahead and measure
that out find out where the thickest
part in the fuselage is and I'll go
ahead and drill those out and I'll
probably use quarter 20 or 1032 screws I
use a nylon ball those are probably
better off I think they're quarter 20s
and that'll work out really great so
there anything left to do now is to do
the canopy and cockpit know the cowlings
and we're pretty much ready to go with
this on the tail let me show you what we
can do over here for the excuse me for
the tail wheel this large enough you can
utilize a standard tail wheel that comes
with it requires a yab and the tail
bracket and insert it into the rudder
before you install it or I like to use
Sullivan makes a nice tail wheel with a
spring load so when the tail lands I
makes contact with the ground any shock
this imposed on the tail wheel with a
direct drive it goes right into the the
shock is actually absorbed with a servo
when you're using a spring coupling the
spring takes up that little bit of extra
place so that's why I like to go it you
know a spring loaded tail wheel
mechanism it's easier on the servos
throwie guard so far so stick with us
and we'll finish this thing off
all right welcome back I want to talk to
you a little bit about the few finishing
items that I'm gonna get done right now
before we take it out of the backyard
and break the motor in with the belly
pan it's going to drop tank I use a
couple of threaded brass inserts in here
with Gorilla Glue to hold those in place
really well and a couple of 632 screws
so I can very easily make this removable
a couple of pieces of wood pinned and
I'll put a hole through here and another
brass insert and the wing so all it
takes is one little screw take it out
and I can take it out and off MA so that
will make it very accessible next you
got the simulated trim pieces for the
machine guns put on the wing and also
the trims that go in front of the
landing gear and all those along with
the canopy I'll set up with the super
RCZ 56 and get this at your local hobby
store it's just canopy glue a very light
a white glow and it dries transparent
when I apply it I'll just go ahead and
trim this out with some masking tape to
catch any runoff of the glue as a strong
so I don't get any on the under covering
so that's kind of where we are right now
just a couple little odds and ends to
finish up take it out the back go ahead
and run a few things of fuel throw it so
the motor is all broken in and running
reliably and I'll go ahead and fly and
get some more video out to you so you
can see how well this flies with a super
target 3000 is that indicated you can
use any motor from like a 122 stroke on
up to a 160 and they fly ideal they did
that with a Messerschmitt
I also did that with the p-51 Mustang
great performance now when you use a big
engine like this bear in mind you're
going to be putting a little bit more
weight in the front end so you're going
to have to counter that to maintain a
proper balance and I have mine set at
110 millimeters so I'll probably wind up
having to put a couple of ounces in the
tail along with the
pack to make sure I maintain that bounce
balance point so I know it's going to be
a little bit heavier with a bigger
engine but should balance out nice with
all that power so it'll be an
interesting project to see how well it
flies so thanks for joining me during
this build I hope this has been
beneficial to you and answered a few
questions that you may have during your
bill and I look forward to flying it and
I'd love to see some videos of yours
flying so good luck with your project
and we'll see you in the next video that
we do good luck